Albuterol wean 
Please wean albuterol on the following schedule:
Use 4 puffs or 1 vial every 4 hours (even overnight) for 2 days;
Then 4 puffs or 1 vial every 6 hours for 2 days; 
Then 4 puffs or 1 vial every 8-12 hours for 2 days; 
Then 2- 4 puffs or 1 vial as needed for cough or wheezing up to every 4 hours 
After you complete this wean, if wheezing and cough has resolved, you may discontinue albuterol use, but always continue your controller two times every day. 
Please complete all remaining doses of steroids in order to ensure that the inflammation in your lungs continues to improve.
*Please remember to practice good hand washing at all times to prevent the spread of infections. 
Manage your symptoms and prevent future attacks:

Follow your Asthma Action Plan (AAP). This is a written plan that you and your healthcare provider create. It explains which medicine you need and when to change doses if necessary. It also explains how you can monitor your child's symptoms and use a peak flow meter. The meter measures how well your child's lungs are working. 
Manage other health conditions, such as allergies, acid reflux, and sleep apnea.
Identify and avoid triggers. These may include pets, dust mites, mold, and cockroaches. 
Do not smoke or be around others who smoke. Nicotine and other chemicals in cigarettes and cigars can cause lung damage. Ask your healthcare provider for information if your child currently smokes and needs help to quit. E-cigarettes or smokeless tobacco still contain nicotine. Talk to your healthcare provider before your child uses these products. 
Ask about the flu vaccine. The flu can make your child's asthma worse. Your child may need a yearly flu shot.

WHAT IS ASTHMA?
Asthma is a lung condition that results in swelling and irritation of the airways and causes wheezing, coughing, and shortness of breath. The airways are the tubes that carry air in and out of your lungs. If you have asthma, the airways in your lungs are always a little swollen, even when you do not have any symptoms. Your airways are always more sensitive than normal and may react strongly to triggers that irritate them, like dust, pollen, and colds. The reaction causes them to become more swollen and make more mucus. Also, the tiny muscles in the walls of the airways tighten, which cause the airway openings to become smaller. This makes it harder for air to move in and out. Asthma may be mild, moderate, or severe. Symptoms may occur throughout the year, at specific times of year, or only very rarely. 

HOW CAN I TAKE CARE OF MY CHILD WHEN I GO HOME?
Asthma is a chronic condition, which means your child may have it the rest of his/her life. Treatment can decrease day-to-day asthma symptoms. Following your child's treatment plan can also help keep you from having bad asthma attacks. It is very important to treat asthma attacks right away and to learn to manage your child's asthma so he/she can live a healthy, active life. 
Know the signs and symptoms of your child's asthma attacks. Watch for symptoms and use your peak flow meter, if you have one. 
Know how to treat your child's asthma symptoms. Ask your healthcare provider to give you a written asthma action plan (AAP). Following the plan will help you manage your asthma every day. It will help you recognize and handle asthma problems.

KEEP SMOKING AWAY FROM YOUR CHILD 
No one should smoke in your house. This includes you, your visitors, your child's babysitters, and anyone else who comes to your house. 
Smokers should smoke outside and wear a coat. The coat will keep smoke particles from sticking to clothes, so it should be left outside or away from the child. 
Ask people who work at your child's day care, preschool, school, and anyone else who takes care of your child, if they smoke. If they do, make sure they smoke away from your child.
